User Story / Gameplay:
Describe the gameplay
    Two players control a box. A ball can be hit and bounce off of the boxes or the wall. If the ball is not hit by a player's box and goes past a box and off the screen, the player who hits the ball gains a point. The first player to get 11 points wins. 
What are the conditions when the game begins?
    There are two boxes on opposite sides of a screen split in half by a dotted line. There is a ball in the middle that starts moving in a random direction when the game starts. The scoreboard is at 0. 
Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
    The game ends when a player reaches 11 points. 
What ifs will there be?
    If the ball is not hit and goes past a player's box/screen, the opposite player gains a point, and the ball returns back to the middle. 
    If a player reaches 11 points, the games ends.
    If the ball hits a box, it bounces in the opposite direction.
    If the ball hits a wall, it bounces off of the wall.
    If a player's box hits the end of the screen, stop the box's movement.
    If the game ends, reset the scoreboard. 

Visual Game Components:
What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the board and the box.
    The board, the boxes, the ball, the dotted line dividing the board in half
Which will be static? (the board)
    The board
Which will be animated? (the box)
    The box, the ball
What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the data values were positionX, speedX, and points.
    Position and velocities of both boxes and the ball, points

Events / Logic:
What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)
    Player 1 uses the w and s keys to move their box up and down, while Player 2 uses the up and down arrow keys to move their box up and down.
    When the board is clicked with the left mouse button, the game pauses (everything stops moving).
How do those events affect the data of the program?
    The keyboard events affect the position of the boxes.
    The clicking events stop variables from changing/updating. 
For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and tricky) to be as specific as you can while remaining high-level!
    If W is clicked
        Change the velocity of Player 1's box (will always be y-value) to a positive number
    If S is clicked
        Change the velocity of Player 1's box to a negative number
    If up arrow key is clicked
        Change the velocity of Player 2's box to a positive number
    If down arrow key is clicked
        Change the velocity of Player 2's box to a negative number
    If mouse left is clicked
        Change the velocity of Player 1's box to 0
        Change the velocity of Player 2's box to 0
        Change the velocity of the ball to 0